This is one one item of concern that really affect all work centers. Um,
especially when you've been out there for see when people know each
other and for for a long time. And, uh, you really talked about a
lot of things. Um, there's not really much you can say to kind of increase
the morale except for talking about the goals about the future.
About like, um, once you're gonna pull in, What's gonna happen?
Um, generally, you try to keep things light. You try to keep things
fun. Um, but it's it's really hard. Thio do when, uh, they've already
had that that fun exciting, you know, goal oriented thing the first
month of deployment. What about the third month? What about the fifth
month? Right. So in that case, uh, it's one of the goals of leader
toe tryto get their hopes up any way possible. I found that, you
know, like, food is a really big motive. Uh, incentivize er motivator.
Um, maybe time off is another one thes air. Things that you know
are beyond words. You actually give them something physical tangible
that they can actually say. Yeah, you know, let's get our hopes up.
Let's get our let's keep our hopes alive. And, um, they're gonna be
lots of times that what? You have to work all day and you're gonna
be like that for the whole entire week. Um, of course, you gotta talk
about what's gonna happen afterwards, but during in the middle of
it on the second day, that is happening on the third day, that's happening.
Like I said, just keep it light and hope for the best.